# Alice_in_borderland_ZombieCardGame_Netflix

3. Zombie Hunt
   In this game, two players played cards from the same deck against each other. The one with the highest cumulative total won the game and took one card from the losing player. But there was a catch, as there were three special cards in the game: the zombie card, the shotgun card, and the vaccine card. A player with the zombie card could use that card to infect the other person. The shotgun card could be used against a zombie cardholder to eliminate, i.e., kill, the latter. But a vaccine card holder, instead of killing the zombie card holder, could cure him and make him human once again. At the end, the team, i.e., either zombies or humans, that had the most number of players, won. So one had to make sure that they ended up on the team that had the most number of players. Now, this was a really tactical game, and Arisu, Rei (another player in the game), and the others realized that they needed to join forces in order to make sure that they not only qualified for the game but also reduced the casualties. But obviously, in such games, it was difficult to trust the other person. There were people like Kazuya (who belonged to a yakuza family) who wanted to use force to eliminate the ones holding the zombie card and make sure that the humans won. Arisu once again applied his brains and made sure that the zombie cardholders won in the end. Arisu not only tactically approached the game, but he also showed empathy towards the other players, which brought about a change in their perspective. The biggest example of that change was Mr. Kazuya, who was moved by Arisu’s actions.
